>> Kyle Simpson: Let's talk
about part two of the exercise.
So if we're starting from
this as our solution,
we can start to convert these regular
functions that are declarations or
expressions into arrow functions.
Using the various things we know
about error functions syntax.
So for example,
get students from ID could be created as
getStudentFromId, and
it's gonna taken that.
And it's going to return
the student studentRecords.find(),
and here's another function expression
that we wanna do with an arrow function.
So that one is record, and
then this expression.
And that's how we find it.
So, that's our definition for
the arrow function as compared
to the stand alone function.
We'll do the same technique
with print records.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
rather than making a function block,
I can actually see that all three
of these functions are chainable.
Since sort will retain the array and
since the array will be a local array,
the mutation won't matter
in this particular case.
So I can take advantage
of that by simply saying
recordids.map(getStudentFromId), and
then I can say .sort.
And here, we have another function that
we should convert to an array function.
But this whole If, else,
if thing can be done as a ternary, so
we don't need a function body.
So let's write it as the arrow function
that takes in record1 and record2.
And we will use a ternary and I will
write it all on one line because why not.
That was a joke,
you were supposed to laugh at that.
Record1.name is less than Record2.name,
then we return -1.
Otherwise (record1.name > record2.name),
we return 1 otherwise 0.
So that's our error function
that we called the sort on.
And then finally we call the .forEach,
and again,
we have this Function which is receiving
a record and calling console log.
Since console log is a function call,
it's suitable as an expression which means
we don't need an arrow function body.
So we can simply say record and
then call the console.log,
and, since I'm lazy,
I'm just gonna copy it.
I don't wanna retype it.
>> Kyle Simpson: And there is our arrow
function representation of print records.
>> Kyle Simpson: Paid students to enroll
>> Kyle Simpson: It
doesn't receive anything,
so it's an arrow function.
And again, I can see that what I'm
ultimately doing is returning an array.
So I can just simply return that array,
and then have
Included in the array what's
going to happen through chaining.
So, that and
I'm going to spread out this expression.
And this expression will start
with studentRecords.filter and
here we are with another online function
expression that can be arrow function.
So I'll write an arrow function.
Takes in record and since I'm being lazy,
I'm gonna copy that.
There's our arrow function.
After filter, we can simply call
the dot map, change directly off of it.
We have another inline function called,
"Get student I-D".
It simply returns record.
This is everybody's favorite arrow
function which just does that.
And that array then gets spread out.
It's a list of I-Ds that gets spread out
into this array that's returned
from paid students to enroll.
So there is our arrow function.
>> Kyle Simpson: And now,
finally, remind unpaid is
an arrow function that
takes record IDs and
it Does recordIds.filter, and
we have a student ID arrow function or
parameter called studentId that comes in.
And we can, again,
avoid needing an arrow block by doing
a property chain off the function call.
So we can simply say,
getStudentFromId(studentId),
and then access the property off
of that call, and negate it.
And then, we can call printRecords
>> Kyle Simpson: With that input.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
there is that arrow function, and yay!
No more regular functions,
only arrow functions.
>> Kyle Simpson: Any questions
about part two of the exercise?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes?
>> Speaker 1: There was a moment with the
multiple ternary as the callback function,
the chained array method, it's like-
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
the one that I put all [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 1: I was like,
surely that's just a rhetorical
gesture that he created inside.
Then I realized, I had written
something like it two weeks ago.
I was like, God.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, I know,
my observation of those that like to
write arrow functions is that
there is a predisposition
to use the most concise syntax possible,
using whatever tricks you possibly can.
Including Inline ternaries
that are nested together,
using the comma operator
to nest expressions.
I've seen people define
parameters in the arrow
parameter list that
are unused variables so
that they don't have to declare a variable
to use inside of their expression.
I mean, any sort of syntactic trick you
can use to get it down to a concise arrow
expression seems to be the norm.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so hopefully
you now feel a little bit more with
some slightly more real worldish code.
Some idea about the differences between
the functions that we can create as
declarations, as inline
function expressions, and
now even as arrow function expressions.
You have some side by side
comparison that you can make.
Make your own determinations on whether or
not these styles are more readable,
or more maintainable, for your purpose.